[docs][migrate] voyager reference section (#15654)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/migrate/reference/datatype-mapping-oracle.md

---
title: Data type mapping from Oracle to YugabyteDB
linkTitle: Data type mapping
description: Refer to the data type mapping table when migrating data from Oracle to YugabyteDB using YugabyteDB Voyager.
menu:
  preview:
    identifier: datatype-mapping-oracle
    parent: reference-voyager
    weight: 102
type: docs
---

<ul class="nav nav-tabs-alt nav-tabs-yb">
  <li>
    <a href="../datatype-mapping-mysql/" class="nav-link">
      MySQL to YugabytyeDB
    </a>
  </li>
  <li class="active">
    <a href="../datatype-mapping-oracle/" class="nav-link">

>       Oracle to yugabyteDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Oracle to YugabyteDB
```

    </a>
  </li>
</ul>

> The following table includes a list of supported data type mappings from Oracle to YugabyteDB using YugabyteDB Voyager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table includes a list of data type mappings for migrating data from Oracle to YugabyteDB using YugabyteDB Voyager:
```

> | Oracle data type | Data type mapped to YugabyeDB | Comments |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Oracle data type | Maps to YugabyeDB as | Comments |
```

| :--------------- | :---------------------------- | :------- |

> | CHAR | char |

Reviewer: Why are YB datatypes lowercase in this table and uppercase in mysql table

| BFILE | bytea | Analysis of BFILES is still in progress and is currently unsupported. |
| ROWID | oid | Currently, import schema is not supported. Failed SQL statements can be found in `export-dir/schema/failed.sql` |
| UROWID [(size)] | oid | Currently, import schema is not supported. Failed SQL statements can be found in `export-dir/schema/failed.sql` |
| SYS.AnyData | ANYDATA | Currently, import schema is not supported. Failed SQL statements can be found in `export-dir/schema/failed.sql` |
| SYS.AnyType | ANYTYPE | Currently, import schema is not supported. Failed SQL statements can be found in `export-dir/schema/failed.sql` |
| SYS.AnyDataSet | ANYDATASET | Currently, import schema is not supported. Failed SQL statements can be found in `export-dir/schema/failed.sql` |
| XMLType | xml | Currently, import schema is not supported. Failed SQL statements can be found in `export-dir/schema/failed.sql` |
| URIType | URITYPE | Currently, import schema is not supported. Failed SQL statements can be found in `export-dir/schema/failed.sql` |

#### ANSI SUPPORTED DATA TYPES

The following table list the ANSI supported data types that can be mapped to YugabyteDB:

> | ANSI supported data type | Data type mapped to YugabyeDB |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ANSI supported data type | Maps to YugabyeDB as |
```
